[release-2.4.0 < T1011-MG] Graph project feature (#526)
memgraph/docs: docs/templates/query-modules/_calling_query_modules.mdx

syntax:

```cypher
CALL module.procedure([optional parameter], arg1, "string_argument", ...) YIELD res1, res2, ...;
```
Every procedure has a first optional parameter and the rest of them depend on the procedure you are trying to call. The optional parameter must be result of the aggregation function [`project()`](/cypher-manual/functions#aggregation-functions). If such a parameter is provided, **all** operations will be executed on a projected graph. Otherwise, you will work on the whole graph stored inside Memgraph. 

> 

Author: ```suggestion

```

syntax:

```cypher
CALL module.procedure([optional parameter], arg1, "string_argument", ...) YIELD res1, res2, ...;
```

> As you can see, first parameter is optional, rest of them depend on procedure you are trying to call. Optional parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every procedure has a first optional parameter and the rest of them depend on the procedure you are trying to call. The optional parameter

```

> must be result of aggregation function `project`, about which you can read more [here](/cypher-manual/functions#aggregation-functions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must be result of the aggregation function [`project()`](/cypher-manual/functions#aggregation-functions).

```

> If such parameter is provided, **all** operations will be executed on projected graph. Otherwise, you will work on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If such a parameter is provided, **all** operations will be executed on a projected graph. Otherwise, you will work on

```

> graph you have stored inside Memgraph. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the whole graph stored inside Memgraph. 

```

syntax:

```cypher
CALL module.procedure([optional parameter], arg1, "string_argument", ...) YIELD res1, res2, ...;
```

> Every procedure has a first optional parameter and the rest of them depend on the procedure you are trying to call. The optional parameter
> 
> must be result of the aggregation function [`project()`](/cypher-manual/functions#aggregation-functions).
> 
> If such a parameter is provided, **all** operations will be executed on a projected graph. Otherwise, you will work on
> 
> the whole graph stored inside Memgraph. 

Author: ```suggestion
Every procedure has a first optional parameter and the rest of them depend on the procedure you are trying to call. The optional parameter must be result of the aggregation function [`project()`](/cypher-manual/functions#aggregation-functions). If such a parameter is provided, **all** operations will be executed on a projected graph. Otherwise, you will work on the whole graph stored inside Memgraph. 
```
